Change schema frozenset (#1560)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: changes/1557-wangpeibao.md

> change schema.py/field_class_to_schema
> add frozenset type to the tuple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change `schema.field_class_to_schema` to support `frozenset` in schema.
```

Author: Sorry, I do not know how to add tests.

Reviewer: you need to commit this suggested change.
